---
title:  "Academic Acomplishments"
subtitle: "Science!"
author: "Corey Petty"
avatar: "img/authors/Corey_CoinTelegraph_profile.jpg"
image: "img/books.jpg"
date:   2015-04-20 12:12:12
---

## Peer Reviewed Articles
* C. Petty and B. Poirier. Comparison of J–Shifting Models for Rovibrational Spectra as Applied to the HO2 Molecule. Chemical Physics Letters. 605–606, 16–21, (2014). Editor’s Choice.
* C. Petty and B. Poirier. Using ScalIT for Performing Accurate Rovibrational Spectroscopy Calculations for Triatomic Molecules: A practical guide. Applied Mathematics. Accepted (2013), awaiting publication.
* C. Petty, W. Chen, and B. Poirier. Quantum Dynamical Calculation of Bound Rovibrational States of HO2 up to Largest Possible Total Angular Momentum, J ≤ 130. Journal of Physical Chemistry A. 117, 7280–7297, (2013)

## Scientific Conference Posters
* Corey Petty, Rene Spada, Bill Poirier, and Francisco Machado. Highly Accurate Bound Rovibrational Eigen-energies of Ozone Using the ScalIT Software Suite on Artificial Neural Networks. Austin Symposium on Molecular Structure and Dynamics at Dallas. Dallas, TX. Mar 5–7, 2016
* Corey Petty, Rene Spada, Bill Poirier, and Francisco Machado. Highly Accurate Bound Rovibrational Eigen-energies of Ozone Using the ScalIT Software Suite on Artificial Neural Networks. Simpósio Brasileiro de Química Teórica. PirenoÌA ̨polis, GO. Nov 22–25, 2015.
* Corey Petty, Benhui Yang, Drew Brandon, Wenwu Chen, Alex Flores, and Bill Poirier. Us- ing ScalIT to Compute Bound Rovibrational Spectra for Small Molecular Systems. South- west Regional Meeting of the American Chemical Society. Waco, TX. November 16–19, 2013.
* Corey Petty, Benhui Yang, Drew Brandon, Wenwu Chen, Alex Flores, and Bill Poirier. Us- ing ScalIT to Compute Bound Rovibrational Spectra for Small Molecular Systems. South- west Theoretical Chemistry Conference. College Station. Oct 26–28, 2012.
* Corey Petty, Benhui Yang, Drew Brandon, Wenwu Chen, Alex Flores, and Bill Poirier. Us- ing ScalIT to Compute Bound Rovibrational Spectra for Small Molecular Systems. Quan- tum Atomic and Molecular Tunneling in Solids. Santa Fe, NM. June 10–14, 2012.
* Corey Petty, Benhui Yang, Drew Brandon, Wenwu Chen, Alex Flores, and Bill Poirier. Us- ing ScalIT to Compute Bound Rovibrational Spectra for Small Molecular Systems. South- west Theoretical Chemistry Conference. Lubbock, TX. Oct 13–16, 2011.